<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head><title>1 Introduction to ePub | ePub_Best_Practices_EN</title><link rel="stylesheet" href="css/book.css" type="text/css"/><meta charset="UTF-8"/><meta name="EPB-UUID" content="3F7FBCF6-01D8-4685-AE41-BBD1213A4AB5"/></head><body><div class="body" style="white-space:pre-wrap; line-break:strict;"><p class="s7">Introduction to ePub</p><p class="s8">This document will show you how to use paragraph styles to create an ebook that looks great and is easy to navigate in ebook readers such as iBooks. Paragraph styles in Pages for Mac make it simple to create a unique look for each part of your publication — chapter names, topic headings, body text, and more. Keep in mind that text colors might look different in ePub format, and that on export, text will be translated into three sizes — small, medium, and large. </p><p class="s8">You can also use styles to indicate how you want your document to be organized when exported to ePub format. To learn how, make sure the Format inspector is open, then click the Table of Contents in this document. That opens the Table of Contents pane of the Format inspector, which displays a list of paragraph styles. The paragraph styles you select determine how your ePub file is organized and what content appears in its Table of Contents. For example: Select the Chapter Name style to begin a new chapter every time that style appears and include chapter names in the ePub file’s Table of Contents.</p><h1 class="s9"><span id="chapter-1-sh1"/>Getting Started</h1><p class="s10">Simply delete these instructions and add your own content to the next page. Replace the existing styled paragraphs by typing or pasting in your own text. Choose styles from the Text pane of the Format inspector (on the right) as needed, or modify them to create your own.</p></div></body></html>
